Reduced ESR maintenance overhead with file includes (#7721)
mattermost/docs: source/about/common-esr-support-rst.rst

> Support for Mattermost Server v9.5 :ref:`Extended Support Release <about/release-policy:extended support releases>` has come to the end of its life cycle on November 15, 2024. Upgrading to :doc:`Mattermost Server v9.11 or later </about/mattermost-server-releases>` is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Mattermost Server v9.11 :ref:`Extended Support Release <about/release-policy:extended support releases>` is coming to the end of its life cycle on May 15, 2025. Upgrading to :doc:`Mattermost Server v10.5 or later </about/mattermost-server-releases>` is required.
```
